DX-719: added info on uri usage in tech information (#418)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: home/technical-information.md

updates in the future.
" %}

### Storing URIs

{% include alert.html type="success" icon="link" header="Storing URIs" body="In
general, URIs should be **discovered** in responses to previous requets, **not
stored**." %}

> However, URIs that are used to create new resources can be stored or hard coded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

However, URIs that are used to create new resources can be stored or hard coded.
```

updates in the future.
" %}

### Storing URIs

{% include alert.html type="success" icon="link" header="Storing URIs" body="In
general, URIs should be **discovered** in responses to previous requets, **not
stored**." %}

However, URIs that are used to create new resources can be stored or hard coded.
Also, the URI of the generated resource can be stored on your end to `GET` it at a
later point. Note that the URIs should be stored as opaque identifiers and
should not be parsed or interpreted in any way.

{% include alert.html type="warning" icon="warning" header="Operation URIs"
body="URIs that are returned as part of the `operations` in each response should

> not be stored.." %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not be stored." %}
```

updates in the future.
" %}

> ### URIs that can be stored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Storing URIs
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{% include alert.html type="success" icon="link" header="Storing URIs" body="In
general, URIs should be **discovered** in responses to previous requets, **not
stored**." %}
```

> URIs that are used to create new resources can be stored and hard coded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, URIs that are used to create new resources can be stored or hard coded.
```

> Also, the URI of the generated resource can be stored on your end to GET it at a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, the URI of the generated resource can be stored on your end to `GET` it at a
```

later point. Note that the URIs should be stored as opaque identifiers and
should not be parsed or interpreted in any way.

> URIs that are returned as part of the `operations` in each response should not be stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

{% include alert.html type="warning" icon="warning" header="Operation URIs"
body="URIs that are returned as part of the `operations` in each response should
not be stored.." %}

```

See the abbreviated example below where `psp/creditcard/payments` from the
`POST` header is an example of the URI that can be stored, as it is used to

> generate a new resource. Also, the `/psp/creditcard/payments/{{ page.payment_id}}`
> can also be stored as it is generated from the `payment.id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
create a new resource. Also, the `/psp/creditcard/payments/{{ page.payment_id}}`
URI can be stored in order to retrieve the created payment with an HTTP `GET`
request later.
```

> The URIs generated under the `operations` such as `update-payment-abort`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URIs found within `operations` such as the `href` of `update-payment-abort`,
```

`{{ page.api_url }}/psp/creditcard/payments/{{ page.payment_id }}` should not be
stored.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In order to find which operations you can perform on a resource and the URI of
the operation to perform, you need to retrieve the resource with an HTTP `GET`
request first and then find the operation in question within the `operations`
field.
```
